#+TITLE: Gameboy-Golor

* Gameboy-Golor
Hi and welcome to the repo for my (hopefully completed) Gameboy-color
emulator written in go. This is less of an actual emulator and more of
a first attempt at systems programming type stuff. So I apologize if
it doens't function right or is innaccurate cuz I'm a bit
inexperienced lmao.

However if you do want to use it as an emulator then (by the time I
release this) there should be nothing stopping you and I hope you
enjoy it. Otherwise I hope this can serve as a good learning resource
or smth for other people hoping to attempt the same thing.


* Resources and credits
I used a lot of resources and I also +plagiarized+ +borrowed+
referenced some already existing gameboy/color emulators for
inspiration and to get an idea of how they did their stuff.

[[https://github.com/djhworld/gomeboycolor]] - this is another
gameboy-color emulator written in go that I used as a reference point
for a couple of parts of mine. It's a very well made project and I thank the creator üôè

[[https://gekkio.fi/files/gb-docs/gbctr.pdf]] - The gameboy technical
reference. This one helped a lot with the creation of the CPU
instruction functions as it helped me clearly see how some of the functions operated

[[https://gbdev.io/gb-opcodes//optables/]] - This is one of quite a few
tables that show all of the CPU instruction functions along with their
OPCode and other stuff, this helped quite a lot with understanding the
CPU instructions more as well as provided me with the json file to
easily format and then use these instructions in my program

[[https://rylev.github.io/DMG-01/public/book/introduction.html]] - I
didn't end up following this one exactly but it was helpful as a
baseline to help me understand the basics of emulating the system and
served as a great entry point. Also really well written (even tho it uses rust ü§¢)

[[https://gbdev.io/pandocs]] - The absolute beast, like 90% of the
information I gained came from this, many places tell you to use this
and I can see why. It's amazingly written and while it can be a little bit confusing it's amazing reference material


